No wonder Mr. Gu didn't take you to the company
I didn't expect you to be so young and beautiful
He must be worried that others will miss you
Look at that young master
Clever at a glance
Dragon and phoenix among people
Auntie took the little master to take a nap
There's something I'd like you to do for me.
As long as I can do it
I will do my best.
I'm going to get Linza out of Story Group
But Mr. Gu values him quite a bit
You are afraid that I will bear everything.
Don't forget I'm Mrs. Gu
Is the mother of the future heir to Story Group
I am relieved with your words.
In less than three days
I will definitely make him disappear from Mr. Gu
I won't treat the people who help me badly after it's done
I'll give you a promotion and a raise
This time, the clothing conference with Weishu Group
There must be no disclosure
The person in charge is Mr. Gu
I suggest that Linsa be in charge this time
Although Secretary Lin has just arrived at the company
But his ability is obvious to all
I think he is the most suitable candidate
Mr. Guo
We just signed a 200 million annual package with Mr. Wei
This is the first collaborative project
Let Secretary Li, a newcomer, take charge
Well done, that's limited credit.
If you don't do it well
It's a big sin
Are you confident?